    Epistrophy -- a keygrabber for those who want keys grabbed
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Epistrophy is a keygrabber for those who want keys to be grabbed and
not much else. 

To build:
make

To run:
epist

It is just that easy. Epistrophy takes an optional command line
argument specifying the location of an rc file. $HOME/.hackedbox/keys
 is used and if that's not found the ${prefix}/share/hackedbox/keys
is loaded by default.
The rc file format is very simple (and an example is included):
mod1 F1 desktop1
mod1 F2 desktop2
control F1 exec aterm
control F2 exec aterm -e su
mod1 F5 shadeWindow
control+mod1 Z close
control+mod1 Right moveright
control+mod1 Left moveleft
control+mod1 Up moveup
control+mod1 Down movedown

As you can see, each line contains a modifier (or combination of
modifiers) a key and a command.
The valid modifiers might depend on your X server. Typically, control
is your control key, mod1 is your Alt key. Those are generally the
most common. Check you X server documentation or email me if you need
more. none can be used if you want no modifier.
The list of valid keys may also depend on your X server. The example
rc file should give you an idea of the valid ones. If not check your X
server documentation as well.
The list of valid commands are as follows (hackedbox specific commands
are denoted with a *):

exec command - execute a command.
iconify - iconify current window
raise - raise current window to top
lower - send current window back
close - close current window
desktop1-desktop9* - go to workspace 1 through 9. 
	(email me if you want more)
shadewindow* - shade current window
movedown - move current window down
moveup - move current window up
moveright - move current window up
moveleft - move current window up
maximize - toggle maximization
maximizevertical - toggle vertical maximization
maximizerhorizontal - toggle horizontal maximization
nextWindow* - cycle through the windows "forward"
prevWindow* - cycle through the windows "backward"
Note: The definition of "forward" and "backward" is dependent on how
hackedbox interprets them.

